Update install page for windows. (#2112)
tensorflow/docs: site/en/install/pip.md

   python3 -c "import tensorflow as tf; print(tf.config.list_physical_devices('GPU'))"
   ```

* {Windows WSL2}

   Note: TensorFlow is supported on WSL2 on Windows 10 19044 or higher with GPU

>    access is now available. This corresponds to Windows 10 version

Reviewer: Note: TensorFlow is supported on WSL2 on Windows 10 19044 or higher with GPU
   access available.

Author: Done.

   21H2, the November 2021 update. You can get the latest update from here:

>    [Download Windows 10](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/software-download/windows10){:.external}.

Reviewer: Remove hardcoded "en-us" from URL so that the browser will update to whatever language the user prefers: https://www.microsoft.com/software-download/windows10

   For instructions, please see 

>    [Install WSL2](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install){:.external}

Reviewer: Please update URL to https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/wsl/install

## Step-by-step instructions

{% setvar linux_instructions %}

> We only officially support Ubuntu. However, the following instructions may

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TensorFlow only officially supports Ubuntu. However, the following instructions may
```

> also work for other Linux distros.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
also work for other Linux distributions.
```

> We recommend using

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's recommended to us
```

[Miniconda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html){:.external} to
create a separate environment to avoid changing any installed software in
your system. This is also the easiest way to install the required software,
especially for the GPU setup.

### 1. Install Miniconda

You can use the following command to install Miniconda. During installation,
you may need to press enter and type "yes".

```bash
curl https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh -o Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
bash Miniconda3-latest-Linux-x86_64.sh
```

You may need to restart your terminal or `source ~/.bashrc` to enable the
`conda` command. Use `conda -V` to test if it is installed successfully.

### 2. Create a conda environment

    Create a new conda environment named `tf` with the following command.

```bash
conda create --name tf python=3.9
```

You can deactivate and activate it with the following commands.

```bash
conda deactivate
conda activate tf
```

Please make sure it is activated for the rest of the installation.

### 3. GPU setup

> You can skip this section if you only run TensorFlow on CPU.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can skip this section if you only run TensorFlow on the CPU.
```

> First, we need to install

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, you need to install the
```

[NVIDIA GPU driver](https://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.aspx){:.external}
if you have not. You can use the following command to verify it is
installed.

```bash
nvidia-smi
```

> Then, we install the CUDA, cuDNN with conda.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, install the CUDA, cuDNN with `conda`.
```

```bash
conda install -c conda-forge cudatoolkit=11.2 cudnn=8.1.0
```

> Configure the system paths. You can do it with following command everytime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure the system paths. You can do it using the following command every time
```

> your start a new terminal after activating your conda environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
your start a new terminal after activating your `conda` environment.
```

```bash
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:$CONDA_PREFIX/lib/
```

> However, for your convenience, we recommend automating it with the following

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, for your convenience, it's recommended to automate it with the following
```

commands. The system paths will be automatically configured when you
activate this conda environment.

```bash
mkdir -p $CONDA_PREFIX/etc/conda/activate.d
echo 'export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:$CONDA_PREFIX/lib/' > $CONDA_PREFIX/etc/conda/activate.d/env_vars.sh
```

### 4. Install TensorFlow

TensorFlow requires a recent version of pip, so upgrade your pip
installation to be sure you're running the latest version.

```bash
pip install --upgrade pip
```

Then, install TensorFlow with pip.

> Note: Do not install with conda. It may not have the latest stable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: Do not install with conda because it may not have the latest stable
```

> version. We recommend using pip since TensorFlow is only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
version. It's recommended to use pip because TensorFlow is only
```

    If a list of GPU devices is returned, you've installed TensorFlow
    successfully.

*   {Windows WSL2}

   Note: TensorFlow is supported for WSL2 on Windows 10 19044 or higher with GPU
   access is now available. This corresponds to Windows 10 version
   21H2, the November 2021 update. You can get the latest update from here:

>    [Download Windows 10](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/software-download/windows10){:.external}.

Reviewer: ttps://www.microsoft.com/software-download/windows10

   For instructions, please see 

>    [Install WSL2](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install){:.external}

Reviewer: https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/wsl/install
